User docs connector dhfs update (#91)
ghga-de/docs.ghga.de: user_docs/cli_tools/connector.md

ghga-connector decrypt --input-dir <INPUT-DIR>
```

## File Upload

> To submit Research Data Files as part of a [GHGA Submission](../user_stories/submission/submitter_guide.md), the GHGA-Connector can deposit files into an upload box. Upload boxes are created on request by Data Stewards and assigned to verified accounts in the GHGA Data Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit Research Data Files as part of a [GHGA Submission](../user_stories/submission/submitter_guide.md), use the GHGA-Connector to deposit files into an upload box. Upload boxes are created on request by Data Stewards and assigned to verified accounts in the GHGA Data Portal.
```

### Upload box access token

> Once granted access to an upload box, an access token can be generated in the [User Account](https://data.ghga.de/account). An overview of upload boxes can be found in the tab "Research Data Upload". Access tokens can be generated by clicking "Create Token" and entering the public C4GH key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the access to an upload box is granted, an access token can be generated in the [User Account](https://data.ghga.de/account). An overview of upload boxes can be found in the tab "Research Data Upload". Access tokens can be generated by clicking "Create Token" and entering the public C4GH key.
```

There are two ways to deposit files in an upload box.

> ### Batch-upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Batch-upload
```

>  The first one is to create a filesToUpload.tsv consisting of the file paths in the first column and the file aliases in the second. The file aliases should correspond to the related entries in the metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here a file 'filesToUpload.tsv' can be created, which consists of the file paths in the first column and the file aliases in the second. The file aliases should correspond to the related entries in the metadata that was provided for this submission.
```

│    --help                                            Show this message and exit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
```

#### Batch-upload example

Specify the filesToUpload.tsv, the C4GH keypair and optionally set a number of retries in case the upload fails:

```ghga-connector batch-upload --tsv filesToUpload.tsv --my-public-key-path key.pub --my-private-key-path key.sec --max-retries 3```

The passphrase can be specified by the parameter ```--passphrase``` if the key is encrypted. Afterwards, the access token for the upload box has to be provided and the file submission is initialized.

> ### Ubox upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Ubox upload
```
